Split to single terms is added to Catalyst in MLIR (#2441)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  QEC state preparation operations.
  [(#2424)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2424)

* A new compiler pass `split-to-single-terms` has been added to optimize QNode functions containing

>   Hamiltonian expectation values by spliting them into individual leaf observable expvals.

Reviewer: I think something like this makes more sense - its not so much an optimization as something that we sometimes need to do because the backend doesn't support the more optimal version 😅 

```suggestion
* A new compiler pass `split-to-single-terms` has been added for QNode functions containing
  Hamiltonian expectation values. It facilitates execution on devices that don't natively support expectation values of sums of observables by splitting them into individual leaf observable expvals.
```

  [(#2424)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2424)

* A new compiler pass `split-to-single-terms` has been added for QNode functions containing
  Hamiltonian expectation values. It facilitates execution on devices that don't natively support expectation values of sums of observables by splitting them into individual leaf observable expvals.
  [(#2441)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/2441)

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  from catalyst import qjit
  from catalyst.passes import apply_pass

  @qjit
  @apply_pass("split-to-single-terms")
  @qml.qnode(qml.device("lightning.qubit", wires=3))
  def circuit():
      # Hamiltonian H = Z(0) + X(1) + 2*Y(2)
      return qml.expval(qml.Z(0) + qml.X(1) + 2 * qml.Y(2))
  ```

  The pass transforms the function by splitting the Hamiltonian into individual observables:

  **Before:**
  ```mlir
  func @circ1(%arg0) -> (tensor<f64>, tensor<f64>) {qnode} {
      // ... quantum ops ...
      %H = quantum.hamiltonian(%coeffs) %obs1, %obs2 : !quantum.obs
      %result1 = quantum.expval %H : f64   // H = c_0 * (Z x X) + c_1 * Y
      %result2 = quantum.expval %Z : f64
      return %result, %result2}
  ```

>   After:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **After:**
```
